Document custom profiles config for Azimuth JupyterHub app (#257)
azimuth-cloud/azimuth-config: docs/configuration/11-kubernetes-apps.md

`jupyterhub`
: Allows the user to deploy [JupyterHub](https://jupyter.org/hub) on their clusters. JupyterHub
provides a multi-user environment for using [Jupyter notebooks](https://jupyter.org/) where

> each user gets their own dynamically-provisioned notebook server and storage. The JupyterHub notebook profiles can be customized to provide user with required environment by the Azimuth administrator. [user notebook profiles](https://github.com/azimuth-cloud/azimuth-charts/blob/54a06cfc08acf5a9147e56a23de2d018261d1f82/jupyterhub-azimuth/values.yaml#L15). The Jupyter
> notebook interface is exposed using [Zenith](./08-zenith.md).

Reviewer: Suggested improvements:
- Use a multi-line GitHub permalink to highlight the relevant comment in the values file
- Add manual line breaks to the sentence to make it easier to read in raw markdown form (it has no effect on the final rendered docs but makes it easier to read in GitHub at least).
```suggestion
each user gets their own dynamically-provisioned notebook server and storage. The JupyterHub
notebook profiles can be customised to provide users with required environments by the Azimuth
administrator - see
[user notebook profiles](https://github.com/azimuth-cloud/azimuth-charts/blob/54a06cfc08acf5a9147e56a23de2d018261d1f82/jupyterhub-azimuth/values.yaml#L7-L15).
The Jupyter notebook interface is exposed using [Zenith](./08-zenith.md).
```
